# ImageQuery App   

## Table of contents
* [Introduction](#introduction)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Getting Started](#getting-started)
<!-- * [Evaluation and Results](#evaluation-and-results) -->
* [Demos and Examples](#demos-and-examples)
* [Reference](#reference)
* [Contributors](#contributors)

## Introduction
Nowadays AI image generation has become very popular, some tools like Replicate and DALL-E (developed by OpenAI) can generate pictures according to the prompts enetered by the users. 
In this project, the users enter their prompts, these prompts are stored in the database, and then run the image generation functions on the prompts, return the results to the users. 
In this case, the users can enter a number of prompts and get the results at once. In summary, this program offers the users a convenient platform to query their favorite images.

## Technologies
Project is created with:
* Python 3.8
* Jupyter Notebook 6.4.12
* Python libraries (see /requirements.txt)
* VSCode

## Getting Started
To run this project, 
1. Clone the repo:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/roloza7/ml-fp-2023.git
   ```
2. Install [packages](#technologies)

3. Install EvaDB
    Please refer to the website of EvaDB to setup the environment.  
    https://evadb.readthedocs.io/en/stable/source/overview/getting-started.html

4. Install python libraries
   ```sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
5. Please go to the directory text-to-image and run:  
    ```sh
    python text-to-image.py
    ```  
6. After entering your prompts, you can choose which tool you want, either Replicate, DALL-E, or both. Then you need to enter the API key for the tool.  
For Replicate, sign in to Replicate by your Github account and get the API key.  
For DALL-E, sign in to your OpenAI account and select API, click your icon on the right up side, and click "View API keys" then create a new secret key.  
If the keys are entered correctly, by running the program you will get image URLs from the terminal.  

## Demos and Examples
Input: a cute boy is running
Output: 
Images generated by Replicate:
a cute boy is running: https://pbxt.replicate.delivery/vk1A5FjPkqKxAdbarushnllO2LnyYPh7dgWMRpFBurQLnzbE/out-0.png
Images generated by DALL-E:
a cute boy is running: https://oaidalleapiprodscus.blob.core.windows.net/private/org-2twtIDqwPPtjTS8WCaaOje0m/user-FsJSf25NnL1vjiozgvvekwCP/img-kzd002HufUbtiPmLwLS4RaKJ.png?st=2023-10-18T00%3A30%3A42Z&se=2023-10-18T02%3A30%3A42Z&sp=r&sv=2021-08-06&sr=b&rscd=inline&rsct=image/png&skoid=6aaadede-4fb3-4698-a8f6-684d7786b067&sktid=a48cca56-e6da-484e-a814-9c849652bcb3&skt=2023-10-17T23%3A58%3A34Z&ske=2023-10-18T23%3A58%3A34Z&sks=b&skv=2021-08-06&sig=3K7mOpSYX3sL6r23dgmvli8r%2B7xEIhqTXnjPQuGbyTI%3D

## Reference 
[1] EvaDB: Getting Started - EvaDB 0.3.7
[2] stable diffusion by MindsDB:  https://mindsdb.com/blog/tutorial-how-to-add-ai-image-generation-to-your-own-app
[3] image generation PR: https://github.com/georgia-tech-db/evadb/pull/1111

## Contributors
* [James Yu](https://github.com/Jamesyu220)
---